Fix Note (#8606)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/enroll-a-device.md

   ![Screenshot of settings and self-enrollment keys.](../media/software-installation-005new.png)
 
> [!NOTE]

> > In case you need to install the agent without the Teams App on the MTR being able to login to Teams. You can use our enrollment key as an optional process. Go to  '?'  (Help) on the top right corner of the portal, then select 'Download Installer' when installing the agent Place the ‘Self-Enrollment key’ (previously downloaded from the portal) on the **C:\Rigel** directory of the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you need to install the agent without the Teams App on the MTR being able to log in to Teams, you can use our enrollment key as an optional process. Go to **?** (Help) on the top right corner of the portal, then select **Download Installer**. When installing the agent, place the **Self-Enrollment** key (previously downloaded from the portal) on the **C:\Rigel** directory of the device.
```
